Loading chipmunk for Linux (64bit) [/home/tomas/.local/lib/python3.6/site-packages/pymunk/libchipmunk.so]
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
0.05497061653741939

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.3194660617160607 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.2414966642207103 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 0.2372166167227491 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 0.2428788051935641 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 0.31817208013509074 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 0.2805585812111114 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 0.2355765093900167 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 0.2488468879022733 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 0.250298101939043 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 0.22711272761667253 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 0.26464928884114947 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 0.24191254945113336 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 0.3492311129752808 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 0.23086120330761253 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 0.293091597921808 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 0.2449020897670209 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 0.374781136753622 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 0.2332405530446553 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 0.22426384774191507 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 123
best fitness0.43850523789044826

new dna for car - 0


My id = 5 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 5
mutated

new dna for car - 1


My id = 17 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 2


My id = 5 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 3


My id = 6 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 4


My id = 5 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 5


My id = 4 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 6


My id = 17 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 7


My id = 7 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 7
mutated

new dna for car - 8


My id = 16 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 16

new dna for car - 9


My id = 5 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 10


My id = 4 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
mutated

new dna for car - 11


My id = 7 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 12


My id = 17 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 17
mutated

new dna for car - 13


My id = 4 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 14


My id = 13 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 15


My id = 11 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 16


My id = 10 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 17


My id = 8 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 18


My id = 4 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 19


My id = 0 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

generation #1
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
0.07099608534559192

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.31817208013509074 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 31 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 31 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 0.2488468879022733 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 0.31817208013509074 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 31 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 0.374781136753622 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 0.2355765093900167 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 0.2449020897670209 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 0.31817208013509074 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 0.24191254945113336 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 31 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 0.374781136753622 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 31 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 0.3492311129752808 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 31 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 31 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 0.2488468879022733 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 31 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 0.31817208013509074 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 296
best fitness0.43850523789044826

new dna for car - 0


My id = 16 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 16

new dna for car - 1


My id = 16 my partner's id = 11
chosen block from id = 16

new dna for car - 2


My id = 14 my partner's id = 11
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 3


My id = 13 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 13
mutated

new dna for car - 4


My id = 15 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 1 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 1
mutated

new dna for car - 6


My id = 2 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 2

new dna for car - 7


My id = 13 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 13
mutated

new dna for car - 8


My id = 11 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 9


My id = 1 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 1

new dna for car - 10


My id = 2 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
mutated

new dna for car - 11


My id = 15 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 15

new dna for car - 12


My id = 3 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 13


My id = 13 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 13
mutated

new dna for car - 14


My id = 5 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 15


My id = 1 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 1

new dna for car - 16


My id = 14 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 14

new dna for car - 17


My id = 1 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 1

new dna for car - 18


My id = 13 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 19


My id = 1 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 1
mutated

generation #2
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
0.08297569134782194

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 0.2449020897670209 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 0.2488468879022733 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 0.3492311129752808 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 520
best fitness0.43850523789044826

new dna for car - 0


My id = 0 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 1


My id = 6 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 6
mutated

new dna for car - 2


My id = 8 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 3


My id = 4 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 4


My id = 6 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 6
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 12 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 6


My id = 4 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 7


My id = 7 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 8


My id = 9 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 9


My id = 18 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 18

new dna for car - 10


My id = 14 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 14

new dna for car - 11


My id = 19 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 12


My id = 18 my partner's id = 11
chosen block from id = 18

new dna for car - 13


My id = 18 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 18
mutated

new dna for car - 14


My id = 1 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 1
mutated

new dna for car - 15


My id = 0 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 0
mutated

new dna for car - 16


My id = 8 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 17


My id = 12 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 6

new dna for car - 18


My id = 11 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 11
mutated

new dna for car - 19


My id = 7 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 7

generation #3
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
0.08374571222439336

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 0.2488468879022733 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 0.23263005250899596 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 546
best fitness0.43850523789044826

new dna for car - 0


My id = 17 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 1


My id = 0 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 2


My id = 13 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 3


My id = 6 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 6
mutated

new dna for car - 4


My id = 6 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 6
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 3 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 6


My id = 12 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 7


My id = 13 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 8


My id = 19 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 15

new dna for car - 9


My id = 6 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 6

new dna for car - 10


My id = 10 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 10
mutated

new dna for car - 11


My id = 13 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 12


My id = 15 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 13


My id = 8 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 14


My id = 0 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 15


My id = 12 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 12
mutated

new dna for car - 16


My id = 4 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 17


My id = 0 my partner's id = 10
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 18


My id = 14 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 14

new dna for car - 19


My id = 15 my partner's id = 10
chosen block from id = 15

generation #4
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
0.08770104757808962

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 600
best fitness0.43850523789044826

new dna for car - 0


My id = 0 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 1


My id = 11 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 2


My id = 7 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 3


My id = 0 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 4


My id = 6 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 6
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 1 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 1

new dna for car - 6


My id = 7 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 7
mutated

new dna for car - 7


My id = 11 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 8


My id = 0 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 9


My id = 7 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 10


My id = 9 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 11


My id = 8 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 12


My id = 18 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 18

new dna for car - 13


My id = 13 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 14


My id = 15 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 15


My id = 2 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 2

new dna for car - 16


My id = 9 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 17


My id = 2 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
mutated

new dna for car - 18


My id = 2 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 2

new dna for car - 19


My id = 6 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 6

generation #5
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
0.08562394095758272

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 0.23079457583975724 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 30 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 573
best fitness0.43850523789044826

new dna for car - 0


My id = 4 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 1


My id = 4 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 2


My id = 19 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 3


My id = 4 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 4


My id = 11 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 5


My id = 4 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 6


My id = 8 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 8
mutated

new dna for car - 7


My id = 19 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 19
mutated

new dna for car - 8


My id = 4 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 9


My id = 12 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 10


My id = 9 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 11


My id = 4 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 12


My id = 3 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 13


My id = 8 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 14


My id = 2 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 2
mutated

new dna for car - 15


My id = 14 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 14
mutated

new dna for car - 16


My id = 11 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 17


My id = 16 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 16

new dna for car - 18


My id = 0 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 19


My id = 15 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 15

generation #6
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
0.14734894962940967

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 68 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 125
best fitness6.403295443022453

new dna for car - 0


My id = 7 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14
mutated

new dna for car - 1


My id = 2 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 2

new dna for car - 2


My id = 18 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 3


My id = 10 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
mutated

new dna for car - 4


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 5


My id = 7 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 6


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 7


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 8


My id = 7 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 15

new dna for car - 9


My id = 7 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 10


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 11


My id = 15 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 12


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
mutated

new dna for car - 13


My id = 19 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 14


My id = 11 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 7
mutated

new dna for car - 15


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
mutated

new dna for car - 16


My id = 12 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 17


My id = 15 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 18


My id = 7 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 19


My id = 19 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

generation #7
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
0.6766700470550444

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 6.284231177836794 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness -1 we add -1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 6.043263131745662 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 36 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 0.22846072598114406 we add 0 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 125
best fitness7.779939665660087

new dna for car - 0


My id = 5 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 1


My id = 5 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 2


My id = 17 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 15

new dna for car - 3


My id = 0 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 4


My id = 8 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 5


My id = 15 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15

new dna for car - 6


My id = 0 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 7


My id = 13 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 15

new dna for car - 8


My id = 15 my partner's id = 10
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 10
mutated

new dna for car - 9


My id = 17 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 10


My id = 2 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 11


My id = 7 my partner's id = 10
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 10

new dna for car - 12


My id = 15 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 13


My id = 16 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 14


My id = 13 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 15


My id = 12 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 17
mutated

new dna for car - 16


My id = 17 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 17


My id = 2 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 6
mutated

new dna for car - 18


My id = 13 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 19


My id = 17 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

generation #8
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
1.0254937352632354

For car id - 0, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 0 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 0 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 0 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 6.043263131745662 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 0 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 0.43850523789044826 we add 0 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 6.043263131745662 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 6.043263131745662 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 6.284231177836794 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 198
best fitness7.779939665660087

new dna for car - 0


My id = 8 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 1


My id = 14 my partner's id = 11
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 2


My id = 11 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 3


My id = 16 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 4


My id = 19 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 9
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 12 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 6


My id = 3 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 7


My id = 19 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 8


My id = 9 my partner's id = 11
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 9


My id = 16 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 10


My id = 12 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 11


My id = 9 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 12


My id = 18 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 13


My id = 3 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 14


My id = 3 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 15


My id = 8 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 16


My id = 5 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 12
mutated

new dna for car - 17


My id = 3 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 18


My id = 12 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 19


My id = 19 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
mutated

generation #9
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
1.9419233267821931

For car id - 0, with fitness 6.284231177836794 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 6.043263131745662 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 7.910394154333032 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 6.669241698188717 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 6.800593747582479 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness -1 we add -1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 63.0986815602268 we add 57 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 124
best fitness63.0986815602268

new dna for car - 0


My id = 17 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
mutated

new dna for car - 1


My id = 11 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 6

new dna for car - 2


My id = 19 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 3


My id = 17 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 18

new dna for car - 4


My id = 11 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 6 my partner's id = 11
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 11
mutated

new dna for car - 6


My id = 3 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 14
mutated

new dna for car - 7


My id = 10 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 3
mutated

new dna for car - 8


My id = 2 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
mutated

new dna for car - 9


My id = 11 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 10


My id = 16 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 11


My id = 19 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
mutated

new dna for car - 12


My id = 9 my partner's id = 11
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 11

new dna for car - 13


My id = 19 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 14


My id = 16 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 2
mutated

new dna for car - 15


My id = 19 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 16


My id = 15 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 17


My id = 19 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15

new dna for car - 18


My id = 11 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 13
mutated

new dna for car - 19


My id = 15 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

generation #10
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
4.50448401995422

For car id - 0, with fitness 60.46068241624608 we add 13 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 56.34852837175398 we add 13 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 57.959819376363264 we add 13 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 7.910394154333032 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 55.17255408103523 we add 12 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 39 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 6.669241698188717 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 6.669241698188717 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 12 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 126
best fitness61.092370474341806

new dna for car - 0


My id = 6 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
mutated

new dna for car - 1


My id = 12 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 2


My id = 10 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 3


My id = 13 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
mutated

new dna for car - 4


My id = 2 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 4 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 6


My id = 11 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 7


My id = 3 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 8


My id = 8 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 9


My id = 13 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 10


My id = 0 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
mutated

new dna for car - 11


My id = 3 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
mutated

new dna for car - 12


My id = 15 my partner's id = 10
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 10

new dna for car - 13


My id = 17 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 14


My id = 13 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14

new dna for car - 15


My id = 13 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 16


My id = 13 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 17


My id = 4 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 18


My id = 13 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
mutated

new dna for car - 19


My id = 13 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0

generation #11
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
8.145027997619389

For car id - 0, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 55.33269304868044 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 56.34852837175398 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 6.403295443022453 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 60.46068241624608 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 7.779939665660087 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 6.669241698188717 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 60.948423163718026 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 57.959819376363264 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 7 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 33 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 228
best fitness61.092370474341806

new dna for car - 0


My id = 9 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
mutated

new dna for car - 1


My id = 16 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 2


My id = 16 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 3


My id = 16 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
mutated

new dna for car - 4


My id = 19 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 9 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 6


My id = 16 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 7


My id = 19 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 8


My id = 5 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
mutated

new dna for car - 9


My id = 9 my partner's id = 10
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 10
mutated

new dna for car - 10


My id = 11 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18

new dna for car - 11


My id = 8 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
mutated

new dna for car - 12


My id = 16 my partner's id = 10
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 10

new dna for car - 13


My id = 18 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
mutated

new dna for car - 14


My id = 19 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16

new dna for car - 15


My id = 19 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16

new dna for car - 16


My id = 18 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 17


My id = 19 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 18


My id = 4 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 19


My id = 18 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18

generation #12
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
12.576437142978001

For car id - 0, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 58.6934242906375 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 35 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 60.46068241624608 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 62.2733179163533 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 126
best fitness121.74975659051987

new dna for car - 0


My id = 14 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
mutated

new dna for car - 1


My id = 1 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 1
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
mutated

new dna for car - 2


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 3


My id = 7 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 4


My id = 6 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 5


My id = 2 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 6


My id = 0 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 7


My id = 4 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 8


My id = 3 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
mutated

new dna for car - 9


My id = 13 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 10


My id = 14 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 11


My id = 14 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 12


My id = 19 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15

new dna for car - 13


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 14


My id = 14 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
mutated

new dna for car - 15


My id = 17 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0

new dna for car - 16


My id = 4 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16

new dna for car - 17


My id = 7 my partner's id = 0
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0
chosen block from id = 0
mutated

new dna for car - 18


My id = 11 my partner's id = 4
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 4

new dna for car - 19


My id = 7 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

generation #13
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
19.375281867611758

For car id - 0, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 41 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 58.6934242906375 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 58.6934242906375 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 290.3244364147214 we add 15 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 58.6934242906375 we add 3 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 122
best fitness317.8612245210588

new dna for car - 0


My id = 11 my partner's id = 17
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 17

new dna for car - 1


My id = 8 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
mutated

new dna for car - 2


My id = 6 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 3


My id = 6 my partner's id = 10
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 10

new dna for car - 4


My id = 11 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 5


My id = 9 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 6


My id = 10 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 10
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 7


My id = 18 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
mutated

new dna for car - 8


My id = 9 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 6
mutated

new dna for car - 9


My id = 5 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 10


My id = 18 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 11


My id = 2 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 12


My id = 17 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 13


My id = 5 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16

new dna for car - 14


My id = 15 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14

new dna for car - 15


My id = 13 my partner's id = 3
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 3

new dna for car - 16


My id = 3 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 3
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 17


My id = 5 my partner's id = 8
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 8

new dna for car - 18


My id = 5 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 19


My id = 5 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
mutated

generation #14
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
25.10333187404196

For car id - 0, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 58.6934242906375 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 210.17103125966796 we add 8 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 58.6934242906375 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 213.9425644221002 we add 9 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 122.70339322649386 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 303.4780916419659 we add 12 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 38 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 58.6934242906375 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 61.092370474341806 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 55.339521847985466 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 5 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 38 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 147
best fitness317.8612245210588

new dna for car - 0


My id = 12 my partner's id = 7
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 7

new dna for car - 1


My id = 12 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
mutated

new dna for car - 2


My id = 19 my partner's id = 11
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 11
mutated

new dna for car - 3


My id = 15 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 4


My id = 16 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 5


My id = 18 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19

new dna for car - 6


My id = 12 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 7


My id = 12 my partner's id = 19
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 19
mutated

new dna for car - 8


My id = 19 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 9


My id = 9 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
mutated

new dna for car - 10


My id = 7 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 11


My id = 18 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 12


My id = 12 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 13


My id = 12 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
mutated

new dna for car - 14


My id = 12 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 15


My id = 12 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 16


My id = 18 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 17


My id = 12 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 18


My id = 19 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 19
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
mutated

new dna for car - 19


My id = 13 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

generation #15
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
removing from end of list
52.036287735140355

For car id - 0, with fitness 123.45596972070453 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 1, with fitness 313.61407259137576 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 2, with fitness 303.4780916419659 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 3, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 4, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 5, with fitness 315.70458341355715 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 6, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 7, with fitness 303.7060588181535 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 8, with fitness 307.97426088665554 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 9, with fitness 475.8426112101281 we add 34 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 10, with fitness 196.9392950997878 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 11, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 12, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 13, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 14, with fitness 213.9425644221002 we add 4 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 15, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 16, with fitness 121.74975659051987 we add 2 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 17, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 18, with fitness 317.8612245210588 we add 6 dnas in the mating_pool

For car id - 19, with fitness 58.6934242906375 we add 1 dnas in the mating_pool
size of mating_pool = 123
best fitness475.8426112101281

new dna for car - 0


My id = 6 my partner's id = 13
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13
chosen block from id = 13

new dna for car - 1


My id = 16 my partner's id = 12
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12
chosen block from id = 12

new dna for car - 2


My id = 7 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 3


My id = 5 my partner's id = 16
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
chosen block from id = 16
mutated

new dna for car - 4


My id = 7 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 7
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 5


My id = 9 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
mutated

new dna for car - 6


My id = 8 my partner's id = 15
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
chosen block from id = 15
mutated

new dna for car - 7


My id = 4 my partner's id = 5
chosen block from id = 4
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5
chosen block from id = 5

new dna for car - 8


My id = 6 my partner's id = 6
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 6

new dna for car - 9


My id = 1 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 1
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 10


My id = 9 my partner's id = 2
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
chosen block from id = 2
mutated

new dna for car - 11


My id = 9 my partner's id = 1
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 1
chosen block from id = 1
chosen block from id = 1
chosen block from id = 1
chosen block from id = 1
chosen block from id = 1
chosen block from id = 1

new dna for car - 12


My id = 18 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18

new dna for car - 13


My id = 6 my partner's id = 18
chosen block from id = 6
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
chosen block from id = 18
mutated

new dna for car - 14


My id = 17 my partner's id = 14
chosen block from id = 17
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14
chosen block from id = 14

new dna for car - 15


My id = 11 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
mutated

new dna for car - 16


My id = 11 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 11
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 17


My id = 8 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 8
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9

new dna for car - 18


My id = 9 my partner's id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
chosen block from id = 9
mutated

new dna for car - 19


My id = 9 my partner's id = 5